Another framework for managing your zsh configuration. Much has been stolen from "oh-my-zsh":http://github.com/robbyrussel/oh-my-zsh.git .

h2. Setup

@zeesh@ has only been tested on @zsh@ 4.3.12, although it may work on older versions.

1. Clone the repository

  @git clone git://github.com/skroll/zeesh.git ~/.zeesh@

2. Create a new zsh config by copying the zsh template. Make sure that you back up your old @~/.zshrc@ file in case you want to go back to it.

  @cp ~/.zeesh/templates/zshrc.zsh-template ~/.zshrc@

h2. Features

h3. Compiled Scripts

@zeesh@ tries to use @zsh@ 's script compilation to speed up functions and scripts, as well as the completion cache. The first time @zeesh@ starts, it will compile all scripts. Afterwards, on startup, if any of the scripts are modified, then they will be recompiled.

h3. Themes

@zeesh@ has theming support, so that your prompt and ls colors can be configured by a theme, and easily switched.

h3. Sane Keyboard Bindings

@zeesh@ utilizes a modified version of @zkbd@ which allows keyboard bindings to be based on a standardized naming convention. No more cryptic control codes which may not work across all terminals. Whenever a new session is started, if keyboard bindings have not yet been created for that terminal, @zeesh@ will prompt you to configure your keyboard. Afterwards, keybindings can be set using commands such as:

@bindkey "${key[Control-Right]}" forward-word@

h2. Plugins

h3. brew

Shamelessly stolen from @oh-my-zsh@, this adds completion support and some helper functions for "homebrew":http://mxcl.github.com/homebrew on the mac.

h3. gnu-utils

Tries to use GNU based core-utils if they are available, and adjusts some aliases appropriately. For example, if @ls@ reports as a GNU version, then it will use the @--color@ parameter. If it is a BSD version, it will use @-G@. However, if it's the BSD version, and @gls@ is available, and it reports as a GNU version, then @ls@ will be aliased to @ls --color@.

h3. ssh-agent

Uses a file in your @~/.ssh@ directory to set ssh-agent environment variables whenever a new shell is started.

h3. tmux

Helper functionality for "tmux":http://tmux.sourceforge.net/ which at the moment only allows for the ssh-agent environment varialbes to be properly set when a session is detached and reattached.

h3. window-title

Updates your terminal's window title to show your current path.

h2. Default Key-Bindings

| *Key* | *Function* |
| @Home@ | Move to beginning of the line |
| @End@ | Move to the end of the line |
| @Up@ | Partial search of history backwards |
| @Down@ | Partial search of history forwards |
| @Left@ | Move backward a character |
| @Right@ | Move right a character |
| @Ctrl-Left@ | Move left a word |
| @Ctrl-Right@ | Move right a word |
| @Ctrl-R@ | Incremental history search |

h2. Uninstalling

Simply remove @~/.zeesh@ and make sure to remove your @~/.zshrc@ file is either deleted or you restore your old one.
